Adding docs for dapr init changes (#2295)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/cli/dapr-init.md

| `--namespace`, `-n`  |                      | `dapr-system` | The Kubernetes namespace to install Dapr in                                          |
| `--runtime-version`  |                      | `latest`      | The version of the Dapr runtime to install, for example: `1.0.0`                     |
| `--slim`, `-s`       |                      | `false`       | Exclude placement service, Redis and Zipkin containers from self-hosted installation |
| `--image-registry`   |                      |               | Pulls container images required by Dapr from the given image registry                    |

> |                      |DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY|          | In self hosted mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|        N/A              |DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY|          | In self hosted mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.|
```

| `--namespace`, `-n`  |                      | `dapr-system` | The Kubernetes namespace to install Dapr in                                          |
| `--runtime-version`  |                      | `latest`      | The version of the Dapr runtime to install, for example: `1.0.0`                     |
| `--slim`, `-s`       |                      | `false`       | Exclude placement service, Redis and Zipkin containers from self-hosted installation |

> | `--image-registry`   |                      |               | Pulls container images required by dapr from given image registry                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--image-registry`   |                      |               | Pulls container images required by Dapr from the given image registry                    |
```

### Examples

#### Self-hosted environment

> Setup Dapr by pulling container images of Placement, Redis and Zipkin. By default these images will be pulled from Github container registry. To switch to docker as a default you can set `DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY` as environment variable and value as `DOCKERHUB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Dapr by pulling container images for Placement, Redis and Zipkin. By default these images are pulled from Dapr Github container registry. To switch to DockerHub as the default registry, set the `DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY` environment variable value to be `DOCKERHUB`
```

Reviewer: Can you also update this reference document for environment variables topic https://docs.dapr.io/reference/environment/ saying this is used by the CLI.

Can you also put this env variable information into the table, above in this article indicating the default value. 

Also can I specify anything else for the value other than DOCKERHUB?

Author: Now since we are defaulting back to dockerhub, we can set value for this variable as `GHCR` to default to Github container registry. We can set only one value `GHCR` or `ghcr` and we can unset it to default back to dockerhub.

> |                      |DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY|          | In standalone mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.|

Reviewer: This DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY env var should be in the --image-registry row, not its own row, since it is effectvively the same way to do the setting.

Author: Basically, `--image-registry` and env var `DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY` serves two different purposes.
when `--image-registry` is used to there is no role of  `DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY` and vice-versa.

I hope, due to the scenario above it should be in different row ?

> |                      |DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY|          | In standalone mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                      |DAPR_DEFAULT_IMAGE_REGISTRY|          | In self hosted mode, it is used to specify the default container registry to pull images from. When its value is set to `GHCR` or `ghcr` it pulls the required images from Github container registry. To default to Docker hub as default, just unset this env variable.|
```

> #### Self-hosted environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Self hosted environment
```

dapr init -s
```

> You can also specify a private registry to pull container images from. These images needs to be published to private registries in below fashion to let dapr init pull them successfully - 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify a private registry to pull container images from. These images needs to be published to private registries in below fashion to let Dapr CLI pull them successfully via the `dapr init` command - 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify a private registry to pull container images from. These images need to be published to private registries as show below to enable Dapr CLI to pull them successfully via the `dapr init` command - 
```

> You can also specify a private registry to pull container images from. These images needs to be published to private registries in below fashion to let dapr init pull them successfully - 

Reviewer: This image registry setting is in the self-hosted section of the docs. Does this not work on Kubernetes? I would have expected that you can set this there. Otherwise we need to explicitly say this, but IMO that is a bug. If this applies to both, then put this in its own heading on the docs at the end of this article.

Author: There is a separate community contribution for pulling helm chart from private repository. See PR - https://github.com/dapr/cli/pull/895. It is under review and not a priority for 1.7 it seems. 
Similar to this, the environment variable thing, has implementation only for standalone mode for now and hopefully we will be able to use the same for `dapr init -k` for pulling images from Docker hub/ ghcr.

> 1. Placement container image(dapr) - dapr/dapr:<version>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Dapr runtime container image(dapr) (Used to run Placement) - dapr/dapr:<version>
```

2. Redis container image(rejson)   - dapr/3rdparty/rejson

> 3. zipkin container image(zipkin)  - dapr/3rdparty/zipkin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Zipkin container image(zipkin)  - dapr/3rdparty/zipkin
```

> > As you can see above, all required images by Dapr needs to be under `dapr` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>All the required images used by Dapr needs to be under the`dapr` path.
```

> > The 3rd party images have to be published under `dapr/3rdparty` directory;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The 3rd party images have to be published under `dapr/3rdparty` path;
```

> image-registy uri follows this format - `example.io/<owner|username>`

```bash

> dapr init --image-registry example.io/<owner|username>

Reviewer: Is is possible to use this URL syntax for --image-registry to pull from DockerHub rather than having to using the env variable? People may prefer this more explicit approach rather than having to set the env var? If possible, I suggest showing this as an example also.

Author: yes. It can be used like this  - `docker.io/username` . I am updating the docs with this.

```

> Above command will resolve the complete image uri as mentioned below - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command resolves the complete image URI as shown below - 
```
